Spelling suggestions (#146)
exercism/docs: building/tracks/config-json.md

## Key features

The language's key features succinctly describe what the most important features of the language are.

> They are intended to up-sell the more interesting features of a language to potential students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are intended to upsell the more interesting features of a language to potential students.
```
